All right, this is the third edition of
Crypto Talk and Blockchain Walk on day
two at Denver. We're with Kelly Lee
Valley Hunt. Levali
>> Lali
>> Levali Valley.
>> Everybody I've been called all kinds of
things.
>> Hopefully mostly nice things.
>> Definitely nice things.
>> So this is um my eighth Denver. You eth
Denver. You've been to every single one.
>> Yeah.
>> What do you think of this event? how
it's grown and where we're at today.
>> Wow. It is very diverse in the products,
which is really amazing. I'm so happy
about that because there's everything
from banking to staking to art to games
to
um interoperability platform. So there's
it's um grown significantly. So there's
a lot to offer. It's a more condensed
version of ETH Denver.
>> Yeah.
>> Um ETH Denver is always huge and I think
that they've consolidated a lot of it
now and it's a much more you can get
information a lot quicker and that's the
reason why I go to youth Denver every
year is because I learn so much. Do you
appreciate that there's maybe less
sponsors but more opportunities for
one-on ones?
>> Um, I don't know if there I don't know
what the sponsorship is, but maybe that
it is less sponsors, but I I noticed
that there's
>> a lot more refined information and a lot
less noise.
Um, I don't know about the sponsorship,
but I do know that people are still
coming here and getting in for free and
they still get a lot of opportunity here
as far as knowledge share and also also
a lot of cool swag and so it's it's such
a great vibe and the new venue is
amazing. Also, I like the new venue. It
doesn't smell like cows. Um, and it's
not like where you have to walk. I love
the first venue where you walked up the
ramp at the rug at the rug sales place
or the auto sales. Um,
>> you know that. Okay, cool.
>> Yeah. Um,
yeah.
>> The sports castle.
>> The sports castle. Yes.
>> Do you still feel like there's alpha to
be had here? There's a lot of negativity
on CT about the event, but not from
people who are here. Yeah,
>> there's always negativity about this
event.
>> Yeah,
>> there's a lot of people that have FOMO
and they get angry watching and then
they're like they start being negative.
There's every time there's anything
negative about anything. Like, you know,
when I started in Bitcoin and in crypto,
there was negativity. There's always
negativity. And we're so down like the
crypto crash at 68,000 or whatever. I
mean, there's always negativity. It's
just whether or not you want to listen
to it. You come here and you make um
you meet people and you talk about
things that are on the very cutting edge
of the Ethereum world and the crypto
world and I think that's really
important to an ecosystem. So yeah,
there's always going to be negativity.
>> You just hit what I think was like a
running joke. I got into the space in
2017 and one of the joke headlines was
Bitcoin crashes from 100,000 to 70,000.
>> And I feel like this is a running joke
because in 10 years the Bitcoin crash is
going to be from 300,000 to 200,000 and
it's going to be declared dead
>> once again.
>> Yeah,
>> it's always declared dead. That's how we
keep uh fiat currency in the economy is
that uh crypto is scary and it's and
it's really bad and it's negative and um
people get rug pulled and they never do
that with dollars.
>> No, my government definitely doesn't use
my dollars for things I don't want them
to use them for.
>> No. Um when I lived in Nigeria, we used
to use dollars to like get past like um
traffic uh people stopping, you know,
like the the um
>> protection points.
>> Yeah.
>> Shakeown points.
>> The shakedown points. So we used to get
past them by just giving people dollars
and they're not trackable and traceable.
So um we would just give them a handful
of dollars
and they would let us through. And so
the roadblocks became a lot easier when
we I paid people off in Coca-Cola
sometimes. Um Coca-Cola is not track and
traceable.
>> No, it's not.
>> And most free money.
>> Yeah. It's like it's free money. So not
only Coca-Cola, but you know, other
things like some food and suya.
>> You know what suya? It's like sate.
>> Okay.
>> Saté is like a piece of chicken or
whatever grilled outside on a grill. I
would pay people off with that. Now, I'm
sure they would take Bitcoin or Ethereum
at the at the red blocks,
>> but it's traceable. So,
>> well, let's um let's touch on where the
industry's come.
>> Yeah.
>> You started in Bitcoin.
>> I started Yeah. early Bitcoin, then
moved into Ethereum. I won't give you
the long history of that. or should I
give you?
>> No, actually what I I you're teeing me
up for where I really wanted to go. What
made you look at NFTTS and say to
yourself, "This is something
interesting. This is where we're going."
>> Okay. So, I I became very interested in
NFTTS because of the
um when they were crypto art. I would
present and this is you can Google Kelly
Valley Hunt and you'll see the every
time I presented I was talking about
um tokenizing and giving prominence to
assets
and crypto art was one of the things
that I was really interested in because
I grew up with a lot of artists and
that's like music artists. My mom's a
jazz musician. My grandfather's a
painter in the in the French Quarter in
New Orleans and
we I grew up around art, but my father's
a nuclear physicist, but he played
Mozart on the banjo. So,
>> awesome.
>> You know, um and so I became very
interested in art um and crypto art and
I wanted to make sure that there was
provenence for a lot of the art even
that I owned. Um paintings, oil
paintings from France for example. I
didn't know if they were real or not,
but with prominence, you can you can
figure out that who's who in the art
world and and I thought that's the
future of art.
>> And um with like NFTTS and the things
happening with NFTTS at the time, we
didn't call them NFTs, we called it
crypto art. Um
>> is this 2014ish, 2015?
>> No. Uh no, no, much much later. So
crypto art, we started talking about
crypto art like 2016.
>> Okay.
>> Um or and like 2016 they were called
rares because of the rare pepe uh that
was created on counterparty on the
bitcoin protocol.
>> And then so that was very interesting
for me and I knew a lot of the
bitcoiners. So that rare pepe became
very interesting. Rare pepe scientists
were also amazing. Um they took the rare
Pepe from a symbol of hate to a symbol
of love and gratitude.
And um Matt Fury created the Pepe the
Frog and then then the it became a
symbol of hate and then the rare Pepe
scientist made it a symbol of love and
inclusion. And so I was really
interested in that movement and those
were rares and and before that there
were name coins. Nilly there was a woman
she's from Israel she created the Nilly
coin. It's like Coca-Cola, like the name
coins, then the rare Pepes, rares, and
then crypto art, and then the nonf
fungeible tokens for art, which were
NFTTS. So, that's how I got involved. I
just kind of followed it and started
collecting along the way. Even when
there were platforms out there that you
could buy an NFT, but you didn't go
through the platform, you actually, you
know, sent them some money via credit
card or like scanned a QR code that was
you were able to
>> right
>> um, you know, buy an NFT and have it in
your wallet. Um,
>> or and now even on like Nifty Gateway,
the first NFTs that I ever bought, I
bought with credit cards. I didn't buy
them. I didn't buy it with uh my
MetaMask wallet or a wallet.
>> Are you still using MetaMask?
>> Oh, definitely. I'm a big MetaMask. I'm
a huge MetaMask fan.
>> MetaMask has been getting a little bit
of hate recently. I've just been seeing
that.
>> You know what?
>> If you're not getting hate, you're not
doing it right.
>> Right. If you're not getting feedback
from people, if you are lost in that
ecosystem,
you're nobody. And you got to figure out
your passion. And I think MetaMask has
been doing it for a long time, doing
what they love for a long time, and
they'll continue to do it. They'll
continue. You know, there are some I'm a
huge MetaMask supporter. Also, it's a
consensus product, and consensus,
they've done really well with a lot of
products, so I'm a supporter of that.
And I I'm sure there's a lot of hate
around all of the things that I just
said. However,
um that's what our ecosystem is made of.
And there's a lot of people that a lot
of people that use MetaMask and there's
a lot of people that don't hate on
MetaMask.
>> Shout out to Franchesco, the lead dev of
consensus and MetaMask. He was on the
walk-in talks with us as well.
>> Okay, cool.
>> So, the final question, um, is NFTTS as
a technology poised for a revolution in
their perspective? Are we going to move
beyond the looking back in the past for
the PFP hype cycle? And are we moving
into a new era for how we can deploy
NFTs?
>> Yeah, I think NFTTS um are just at their
early stages right now. And just as you
know, Bitcoin was at its early stage and
then you know Litecoin and Ethereum and
all these other coins uh took shape.
Then we um there was like an evolution
like a stable coin. Um then there's more
of an evolution and now we have NFTTS
that are also evolving. Now we have RWA,
we have um NFTTS for all kinds of for
ticketing systems for um and block apps
built one of the first um ticketing
systems um for a company that was bought
by um ticket master back in 2017 or 18
and then it was completely shut down.
So, but that was, you know, that was
almost 10 years ago now. So, now we
have, you know, the evolution of NFTts
are going to go into ticketing. They're
going to go into um airline tickets
even. I can see that. And then airline
points and all of the that's going to be
NFTted. Um, all of that's going to be
real world assets and it's not going to
be just a picture on your in your
MetaMask wallet that says that you
collected uh a cold for example. Shout
out to Coli um who has a piece actually
with IL space um in the ether. It's a
ILS is a AR VR company um and they have
geoched
actually here at Ember. There's amazing
art here at ETH Denver every year. Um
Jessica Angel does an amazing job
putting that together for the ETH Denver
team.
>> Totally awesome. Well, we were lucky to
have 10 minutes of your time. Kelly is
chatting with every single ETH Denver
OG, so to be able to have 10 minutes of
a walk-in talk has been fantastic. So,
thank you for sharing a little bit of
time on camera.
>> Thank you. Appreciate it. It makes